Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[♪♪♪]
[GIRL SCREAMING]
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
Oh! It's beautiful.
You were right. baby.
[♪♪♪♪]
Remember this place?
Huh? Do you remember?
[♪♪♪]
Hello!
Mr. Brookes
Just Brookes.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Sofia.
Uh. I'll get your bags.
I'll show you around.
Housekeeper quit.
sorry about that.
My sister can help.
She's uh-- she's not much
of a cook.
but she'll keep things tidy.
We'll be okay. thank you.
BROOKES:
Okay. well. uh.
whatever you need.
This is you. isn't it?
And your grandma.
[♪♪♪♪]
BROOKES:
Still selling?
It's in probate.
Till you get better. right?
You gonna be okay?
Just you and him?
Yes.
[♪♪♪♪]
BROOKES:
Uh. you'll get all kind of
weird shit up here.
You still sleep together?
The bags. Same room?
-Yes.
-Okay.
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
Hey. Em.
EMILY ON PHONE:
You've been avoiding my calls.
I knew you'd say that.
EMILY ON PHONE:
Did they say you can go?
The doctors can go
fuck themselves.
EMILY ON PHONE:
They got him stable.
It's been a year.
They've given up on him.
It only takes one memory.
who said that?
One memory. to get him started.
EMILY ON PHONE:
You're in trouble
if you're quoting me.
Well. you're the expert.
Em. it's Alex.
He'd rather be dead
than live like this.
you know that.
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
So tomorrow. we'll take a walk.
See if you remember something.
You can still hear me. right?
I know you can.
You're gonna be okay. Alex
We're gonna get you there.
Yeah.
Come on. baby.
Babe?
It's okay.
[♪♪♪♪]
It's okay. baby.
It's just me.
Hmm.
Sleep well.
[♪♪♪♪]
Can't buy taste.
SOFIA:
You got the call?
ALEX:
I got the call.
SOFIA:
And?
Jesus. Alex!
Please. come on?
[ALEX LAUGHS]
ALEX:
Okay. they're in. They're in.
The whole way.
We did it.
So. you gonna come
celebrate with us?
SOFIA:
God. yes.
Love you so much. baby.
ALEX:
I love you.
This is a good day for our lab.
a great day.
I would like to say a special
thank you to my wonderful wife.
a better scientist than all.
[CROWD APPLAUDING]
SOFIA:
I'm so proud of you.
ALEX:
Call in sick.
SOFIA:
I can't. you know I can't.
I'm teaching.
ALEX:
You choose a day at work
over a day with me?
It's not a choice.
it's my job.
Doesn't matter.
SOFIA:
'‘Cause I'm not on the cover
of TechInvest?
But you're not.
Are you?
Now. you're being a dick.
Seriously?
-Don't!
-[VEHICLE HONK]
-[GASPS]
-[THUDS]
[♪♪♪]
[LIGHTER FLICKS]
[TAKES A DRAG]
[FOOTFALLS APPROACHING
IN DISTANCE]
Babe. did you just go
to the bathroom?
Alex?
[SOFIA CHUCKLES]
Sofia. are you high?
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
"“Calvin DuBose. 1937."”
[♪♪♪♪]
SOFIA:
What the fuck?
[♪♪♪♪]
EMILY ON PHONE:
A little. maybe.
A little?
EMILY ON PHONE:
I mean.
there's a resemblance. yeah.
Em. are you kidding me?
It's-- it's him.
EMILY ON PHONE:
Okay. hang on.
Let me get my glasses.
No. no. no.
It's okay.
Trust me. It's Alex.
Just. uh.
look under the signature.
I-- I can't read that. honey.
What does it say?
SOFIA:
1937.
EMILY ON PHONE:
That's when it was painted?
Yeah. and on the back it says
"“Calvin DuBose Self-Portrait"”.
So what you're seeing
is a family thing. yeah?
No.
Um. I'm seeing Alex.
-You just said--
-I-- I know.
It can't be. but...
It is.
[GASPING]
[INDISTINCT RAPPING]
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
Are you fucking with me.
Alex DuBose?
Huh?
Very funny.
I found something weird
last night.
Up at the attic.
It's a painting.
And it looks just like...
Oh!
I'm so sorry.
You okay?
There you go.
Good as new.
Here it is.
Who's that handsome fella. huh?
It's like looking
in the mirror. no?
Hmm?
Okay.
Let's go find a memory.
[♪♪♪♪]
Here we go!
[♪♪♪]
[BUZZING]
Hey. Brookes? Brookes?
Who's got keys to the house?
Just me.
Were you in there last night?
No.
Why?
Don't worry about it.
[♪♪♪♪]
Let's see if we can find
your cousin. Jackie and Dylan.
Look over here. baby.
Okay.
I'll find them.
Come on. Alex.
Jesus.
You know I'm trying to help you.
That's why we're here.
Let's find Calvin.
your time twin.
Here we are.
April 1936. Calvin painting
at the villa.
There's no...
Jesus!
[CHUCKLES]
Oh my God.
Can I help you?
That's first day at Princeton.
I wonder what she's thinking.
-SOFIA: That's you?
-Yeah. That's me.
You're family?
I'm Margo.
Cousin Mags.
-Oh.
-[MAGS LAUGHS]
You're Sofia?
Yes. I am.
-It's nice to meet you. Sofia.
-Good to meet you. Mags.
Sorry.
I didn't make the wedding.
Oh.
That's okay.
It was just him and I.
That's what he wanted.
Well. with a family like ours.
Aww.
How are you. Alex?
I heard about the accident.
Damn shame.
You know.
we had our knock-down-drag-outs.
We couldn't agree on anything.
But don't worry.
You'll be back.
That's the thing
about our family.
We always come back.
Even when they don't want us to.
Hmm.
Uniforms.
SOFIA:
I'm sorry?
Uniforms.
You know.
my great-grandfather DuBose
came here with a dream.
Fine clothes for fine ladies.
But the fine ladies didn't share
his dream.
By 1914. he was sleeping
on the floor
of his warehouse
eating out of a can.
And then. the war happened.
Uniforms. money.
and the Villa de los Sueños.
Wow.
I didn't know that.
You know.
with a fine body like that.
you could have modeled for him.
[LAUGHS]
MAGS:
I'm serious.
You're a beautiful woman.
You knew we were here.
We all did.
[♪♪♪♪]
My grandmother hated me.
but she let me live up there.
Who did you think I was?
When I first came in.
you were scared.
Surprised.
Hmm.
Did you think
I was someone else?
No.
What'd she take?
What do you mean?
[LAUGHS]
She has a bag.
She took something.
She'd do that?
Keep your doors locked.
I bet you used
to play with these.
[♪♪♪♪]
Him?
You remember him?
[♪♪♪♪]
Yes.
You do. don't you?
[♪♪♪♪]
[CHUCKLES]
[FIZZING]
[ICE CUBES CLATTERS]
[WHIRRS]
[♪♪♪]
♪ Oh yeah. baby ♪
♪ I love you. so-o. yeah ♪
♪ I'll never let you ♪
♪ Baby ♪
[INDISTINCT LYRICS]
♪ Oh yeah. baby ♪
[♪♪♪♪]
[INDISTINCT LYRICS]
♪ I won't lie. I'm crying ♪
♪ I'll let you stay up
all night long ♪
♪ Baby. I love you so-o ♪
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
How's my day been?
Thank you for asking.
It's been good.
I think we're making
some real progress here.
Don't you?
What was that?
Yes.
You were right. baby.
The doctors don't know shit.
We're gonna figure it out
together. aren't we?
[INDISTINCT LYRICS]
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
[SHATTERS]
[FOOTFALLS APPROACHING]
Did you do this?
It's okay.
[♪♪♪]
I'm so sorry.
[♪♪♪♪]
[SIGHING]
[♪♪♪]
[GASPS]
Alex?
Babe?
[DOOR OPENS]
He was hungry.
weren't you. buddy?
Hey. baby.
Hey.
Thank you.
Don't let us keep you.
BROOKES:
Oh.
Hey. baby.
Glad I could help out.
Hey. hey.
1910 to 1937.
He didn't live long. did he?
B.A Yale. best known
for his portraits.
M.A at Col de Port.
exhibit in Paris. Rome.
New York.
Well. that's a big deal.
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
What'd she take?
You good?
[♪♪♪♪]
Hi.
ESTHER:
Are you Sofia?
Yes.
Uh. this is Alex.
Margo's cousin.
And you are?
You got any food?
Um. no. not with us.
I'll go get her.
[♪♪♪♪]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER
IN BACKGROUND]
[♪♪♪♪]
MAGS:
Is everything all right?
Oh. yeah.
I'm-- I'm sorry.
we're intruding.
No. not at all.
Please.
I found a painting in the attic.
The self-portrait. you found it.
It's Alex.
Do you think so?
[CHUCKLES] They're identical.
MAGS:
Hmm.
SOFIA:
What can you tell me
about Calvin?
Calvin?
Oh. why do you ask?
I mean.
they're exactly the same. right?
Well. all art is in the eye
of the beholder. is it not?
I'm-- I'm-- I'm not talking
about art.
Well. of course.
there are similarities.
I mean.
we're all DuBose after all.
aren't we. Alex?
So why aren't there any photos
of Calvin?
Because he didn't exist.
According to
some family members anyway.
Why?
Because...
Oh. oh. baby.
He liked to hurt women.
He was sick.
But he was a genius.
Not just as an artist.
He was an incredible scholar
of this world and beyond.
What do you mean beyond?
Alex married a scientist.
didn't you?
Like him. you probably think
that these kind of things
are nonsense.
What happened to Calvin?
MAGS:
Oh. that's a good question.
He hired a housekeeper.
A very pretty young thing.
And he became obsessed with her.
And he painted her over
and over again.
And then her husband died.
and her grief.
well. her grief to Calvin
made her even more attractive.
He loves his wounded birds.
Loves?
He asked her--
No. he told her to move it.
She was already sleeping
with a young boy in town.
So. the next morning.
he dragged her 4 miles.
kicked in their door.
raped her in front
of her lover.
and then beat the two of them
to death.
Us DuBose. we have
a really serious jealous streak.
So Calvin?
Well. the police came
and he had locked himself
in his attic.
They knocked down the door.
and he was gone.
He escaped?
Disappeared.
SOFIA:
People don't just disappear.
No. they don't.
So. that was the last time
anyone saw him?
Except in that portrait.
What are you--
What are you saying?
The paint was still wet.
[CHUCKLES]
Good story.
Yes. it is.
[SOFIA GROANS]
Something wrong. dear?
We just have to get going.
Alex?
I haven't seen him.
Not yet.
[♪♪♪♪]
MAN:
You did it.
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
[SIGHING]
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCKS ON THE DOOR]
Jesus!
[PAPERS RUSTLING]
What's your name?
Esther.
What are we doing here. Esther?
[PAPERS RUSTLING]
She tells me scary stories.
Mags does?
Then she fucks me.
She likes it better
when I'm scared.
Her stories aren't true.
You know that. don't you?
1937.
So it did happen.
And Calvin did it. huh?
She loves his shit.
1942.
Why am I looking at this?
There was a war then. right?
And there were soldiers up here.
The sick one.
But it was an accident.
She fell down the stairs.
The attic stairs.
This one is a family friend.
Ran into her screaming
one night.
They found her at the bottom
of the cliff.
And called it suicide.
Just four years ago. that's all?
She said there was more.
but the family kept '‘em quiet.
Money can do that.
[♪♪♪♪]
You've seen him. haven't you?
Seen who?
Calvin.
I'm tired.
Please. I'm going to bed.
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
What did she say?
Not much.
[♪♪♪♪]
So Calvin. am I a wounded bird?
[GASPS]
[♪♪♪♪]
EMILY ON LAPTOP:
You are pushing yourself
too hard. Fia.
It's I feel like my mind's
playing tricks on me.
It doesn't help that you're up
there all by yourself.
I'm not here by myself. Emily.
No. I know. of course.
I'm sorry.
You know.
in the Jewish tradition.
when someone dies in the house.
we cover the mirrors.
The idea is that it's no time
for vanity.
but some psychologists.
myself included.
think that. um.
there's another reason.
We think it's so that
when you look.
you don't see the face
of the dead.
So you think I'm losing my mind.
Is that what you're saying?
No. no.
I'm-- I'm saying that
there's a condition called
"“pathological grief"”.
It's not uncommon.
and it's-- it's powerful.
So powerful that it can cause
hallucinations and visions
of the ones that we lost.
No. I'm--
I'm not crazy like that.
No. of course not.
But we're talking about grief.
okay?
Deep grief that can happen
to anyone.
Yeah. well.
Alex isn't dead. so...
I'm just saying.
Not now.
Not tonight.
Sorry. Em.
♪ To lovers alone ♪
♪ There's no space
in the countryside ♪
♪ Otherwise. we could ♪
[INDISTINCT LYRICS]
You remember this?
Come on. it's your playlist.
No?
I'll be right back. okay?
♪ Give me a reason ♪
[INDISTINCT LYRICS]
♪ Maybe I'll take my chance ♪
Hi.
♪ Love is not given towards
without blood. sweat and tears ♪
♪ Turns to dust ♪
♪ It leaves ♪
♪ That's what I heard ♪
♪ What I heard I can trust ♪
♪ Love is go... ♪
JEN:
Alex?
Hey.
I heard what happened to you.
Are you okay?
[KNOCKS]
Alex. it's me. Jen.
You alright?
♪ It's the only thing ♪
[INDISTINCT LYRICS]
[♪♪♪♪]
Alex. hey!
You okay?
[THUD]
Alex! No!
What are you doing?
Get him out of here!
Get him out!
I'm so sorry.
Come on.
Come on. get in the car.
[PANTING]
Put this on.
Put this on
Alex.
For Christ's sake. Alex!
Help me out!
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
Alex? please?
-Here.
-Hey!
It's alright! It's alright!
-I'm just--
-Alex. stop!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
Stop!
He's fucking crazy.
Wouldn't let a dog
suffer like that.
[♪♪♪♪]
[SIGHS]
Alex.
I'm so sorry. baby.
I'm sorry.
I love you.
I love you so much.
but I'm running out
of ideas here.
Please.
Please give me a clue.
Anything.
I'll do anything.
Please.
[CRYING]
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
Thank you.
Yeah.
Um. I'm sorry.
Uh. I shouldn't have said that.
How's your wrist?
Oh. it's-- I'll survive.
Yeah.
Can I be honest?
[SIGHS]
You look like you could
use a freaking break.
Yeah.
[SIGHS]
Anything you need?
No. thank you.
It can help to talk.
even if it's just me.
I've got vodka.
Vodka it is.
[CREAKS]
[GULPS]
[POURS]
-BROOKES: Hi.
-Hi.
Where is he?
In his room.
Here.
Oh. thank you.
Cheers.
And uh. good luck.
[CHUCKLES]
[SIGHS]
You deserve it.
[CHUCKLES]
From your lips to God's ears.
You a believer?
In a God that would do
this to my husband?
No.
[♪♪♪♪]
He's the only one that has
been there for me.
And when I stray. which.
I have a lot.
He leads me back.
Touch it.
Okay. come on. for--
for a good luck.
Hmm? Go on.
Yeah. here.
[♪♪♪♪]
Whoa!
[LAUGHS]
I'm sorry
No.
You have nothing to
be sorry for.
Come on.
Let him in.
No. Sofia. let him in
[♪♪♪♪]
Don't be afraid.
[INDISTINCT WHISPER]
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
Are you okay?
Come on. lets get back to bed.
Alex. please.
I'm too tired for this. baby.
[SCREAMS. THUDS]
Alex!
Please no!
[PANTS] Stop.
[PANTS. GROANS]
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
[GASPING]
[♪♪♪♪]
Wake up! Wake up!
We're leaving.
[♪♪♪♪]
EMILY ON VOICEMAIL:
You've reached
Dr. Emily Hoffman.
Leave me a message
and I'll call you back.
Em. It's me.
Um. we're coming back.
That stuff you said about
grief. and--
I think I'm losing my mind.
I'm taking him back
to the hospital.
I-- I'll call you back.
[♪♪♪♪]
Brookes?
Oh my God.
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
Okay. so?
I told you.
I just found him out there.
And your husband was
never out of your sight?
That's the way we live now.
You know. protecting him
isn't helping him.
He doesn't need protecting.
Do you?
OFFICER ALVAREZ:
Sheriff?
What you got?
He didn't make it.
I'm taking your husband in.
No. why? No!
You-- you've got nothing.
JEN:
I've got a dead man
and another one
-prone to violence.
-He's not violent.
That's not who he is.
JEN:
That's not who he was.
I've known Alex my whole life.
but even you saw
what he did to me.
There's a bunch of people that
live around here.
What if-- what if Brookes owed
money to the wrong person?
What if he slept with
the wrong man's wife?
JEN:
Did he?
Fuck you.
Be very careful. Miss Reyes.
Brookes was hit in the head
multiple times.
We don't even know how many.
Never seen anything like it.
Well. Alex didn't do it.
JEN:
We have forensics out there.
gives us 48 hours.
If we don't find anything.
he's free to go.
You wanna lock him up
for two days?
You've seen what he is like.
JEN:
I've asked for a psychiatrist.
No. no. you've--
you have no evidence.
And we're leaving.
Okay. you're not going anywhere.
Listen to me.
It's my job to protect people.
Protect whom?
Hmm?
-Who's he gonna hurt?
-JEN: You.
Well. then that's
a risk I'm willing to take.
But you lock him up.
and you'll send him
to a place he might
never come back from.
JEN:
Miss Reyes. I understand
you have been through--
You know this family. right?
You said you did.
So you know the kind
of money they've got.
You do this.
You meet their lawyers.
So please.
Please.
JEN:
I'm leaving my deputy here.
You don't have to do that.
JEN:
I wasn't giving you a choice.
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
[PANTS]
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
[PHONE RINGING]
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
You did it.
Alex.
[♪♪♪♪]
[COUGHING. VOMITING]
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTS]
[SCREAMING]
[GASPS]
[♪♪♪♪]
[PANTING]
[SCREAMS]
[♪♪♪♪]
[GRUNTS]
[SHATTERS]
[♪♪♪♪]
He's in the house.
Alex!
He's in the house!
Babe?
[PANTS]
[♪♪♪♪]
[WHIMPERING]
[GROANS]
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTS]
No. no.
[♪♪♪♪]
Alex?
[SOFIA WHIMPERING]
Baby.
[SOFIA GRUNTING]
[♪♪♪♪]
Alex. Alex.
It's okay. it's okay.
It's okay.
[♪♪♪♪]
I love you.
[GRUNTING]
[♪♪♪]
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
She won't leave him.
Show me.
The coroner's on the way.
Is she okay?
Who are you?
I'm Sofia's friend.
Sofia Reyes.
Is she okay?
Get back in your vehicle
and stay there.
What's wrong?
Please. in your vehicle!
Now!
[♪♪♪]
Sofia.
Oh. no.
OFFICER ALVAREZ:
Dispatch. we need an ambulance.
It's what he wanted.
[CRYING]
[♪♪♪♪]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER
IN BACKGROUND]
Now. the important thing
is you don't have to worry.
Our lawyers have taken care
of everything.
and they've kept it out
of the press.
[LAUGHS]
Money can do that.
Sofia. I need
to know what happened.
It's important that I know.
Okay?
Well. maybe next time.
I needed him.
Needed who?
Calvin.
He was there. wasn't he?
For me.
He was there for me.
I could have never hurt Alex.
Calvin.
He helped me.
I needed him to let him go.
[♪♪♪♪]
Goodbye. Sofia.
Eye of the beholder. remember?
It's in the eye of the beholder.
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]
AUCTIONEER:
[INDISCERNIBLE SPEECH]
I've $11.000.
I've got 11.000.
Gentleman. 12.000 here.
12.250. thank you.
12.500.
Thank you.
I got 13.000.
I've been looking at 13.
13.
there's a gentleman right here.
do I hear 14?
13. do I hear 14?
13.000 is going once.
13.000 is going twice.
Sold for $13.000
to the gentleman.
Thank you so much.
Our next item up for bid
is this magnificent portrait.
Black number 236.
Open your catalogs please
and read the description.
However. as you will see.
this is a very nice
early 20th century self-portrait
by Calvin DuBose.
Now we do have a reserve
on this painting
at $20.000.
So ladies and gentlemen.
we will start the bidding
at $20.000.
Do I hear $20.000?
$20.000.
Bidder over there. 21.
I've got 21 for the gentleman.
Thank you so much.
21.
[INDISCERNIBLE SPEECH]
22 in the back.
thank you so much.
23 to the young lady.
She is determined at $23.000.
24. back to the gentleman.
$24.000.
[INDISCERNIBLE SPEECH]
I've got 25 here.
25 here is going once.
25 here is going twice.
Final and last call.
Sold for $25.000
to the young lady.
[♪♪♪♪]
[♪♪♪]